.TH OPENSSHENUM 1 "SEPTEMBER 2016" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
opensshenum \- an user enumerator and port scanner for servers using OpenSsh. 
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  opensshenum [-p port | -s -m min -M max -n -r regexp -c clientIdstr]
         [-i identity] [-d] host
         [-h] [-V]
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B opensshenum                                                                       
 an user enumerator permitting to verify a list of user names to know those actually configured on a server using OpenSsh. This program  exploits a bug ( corrected in July 2018  ) proven to be effective at least starting from OpenSSH 2.3.0 ( released in November 2000).
.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -p port
Specifies the remote port used by the ssh server. If not specified, the port 22 will be used.
.IP -s 
Scan mode try to perform the exploit on a range of port. If -m and -M are not specified, the range 1-65535 will be employed.
.IP -t seconds
Port scanning timeout in seconds. A value too low can cause false  negatives. The default is 2 seconds. It should be tuned in relation to the network characteristics of the target.
.IP -c id_string
Client id string used in initial handshaking to identify the ssh client. If no custom string is provided, the id 'SSH-2.0-enum' will be sent to the server.
.IP -r regexp
regular expression to identify OpenSSH using is 'hello string' (i.e .*OpenSSH).
.IP -n 
Only scan the target to individuare ssh port(s). No user enumeration is performed.
.IP -m port_num
Lower port for scan mode: the scan will be performed. Starting from this port number to that specified with -M.
.IP -M port_num
Higher port for scan mode: the scan will be performed starting from port specified with -m  to this port number.    
.IP -i prefix
Specifies the prefix name for the ssh key files, i.e. for rsa the standard is id_rsa, that identifies the couple of files "id_rsa" and "id_rsa.pub" with the private and public rsa keys. Using this parameter, a diferent prefix is specified for both files.
.IP -d                                                                       
Debug mode. Prints on stdout all the packets sent and received and their payload. Warning: activating the debug mode even the sensitive information (private keys, etc) will be printed. Be careful.
.IP -h
A short description of opensshenum command line syntax.
.IP -V
Prints the opensshenum version and further information, if available.
.SH PARAMETERS                                                                    
Parameters read from the environment.     
.SS HOME
Needed to locate the key files.
.SH FILES                                                                    
.IP ~/.ssh/<key_files>
Tssh use the key files in $HOME/.ssh (i.e. id_rsa) the same files used by openssh. 
.IP ~/.ssh/known_hosts
The "known_hosts" file to register the known servers, the entries will be added using the same format of openssh.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is an alpha. Please send me verified bug lists.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"                                                               
.BR SSH(1)
